Add RSN for CUDA major image tags (#687)
rapidsai/docs: _notices/rsn0053.md

# Update meta-data for notice
notice_id: 53 # should match notice number
notice_pin: true # set to true to pin to notice page
title: "RAPIDS 25.10 consolidates Docker images to single tag per CUDA major version"
notice_author: RAPIDS Ops
notice_status: "In Progress"
notice_status_color: yellow
# 'notice_status' and 'notice_status_color' combinations:
#   "Proposal" - "blue"
#   "Completed" - "green"
#   "Review" - "purple"
#   "In Progress" - "yellow"
#   "Closed" - "red"
notice_topic: Platform Support Change
notice_rapids_version: "v25.10"
notice_created: 2025-09-24
# 'notice_updated' should match 'notice_created' until an update is made
notice_updated: 2025-09-24
---

## Overview

Starting with RAPIDS `v25.10`, RAPIDS is consolidating Docker images to use a single rolling tag per CUDA major version instead of maintaining separate tags for each CUDA minor version. This change simplifies image selection and reduces maintenance overhead while maintaining compatibility within CUDA major versions.

## Changes

### New Tagging Strategy

RAPIDS will now publish Docker images using the following naming convention:

```
<RAPIDS_VERSION>-cuda<CUDA_MAJOR_VERSION>-py<PYTHON_VERSION>
```

> For example: `rapidsai/base:25.10-cuda12-py3.13` instead of `rapidsai/base:25.10-cuda12.9-py3.13`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example: `rapidsai/base:25.10-cuda12-py3.13` instead of `rapidsai/base:25.10-cuda12.9-py3.13`.

Available tags for each release can be found at https://hub.docker.com/r/rapidsai/base/tags
```

Let's include a link to help people find the valid tags they can pull.

### What This Means

> - **CUDA 12**: The `cuda12` tag will point to the latest supported minor version (currently 12.9)
> - **CUDA 13**: With the addition of CUDA 13, only `cuda13` tags will be published

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **CUDA 12**: The `cuda12` tag will point to the latest supported minor version for that RAPIDS release.
- **CUDA 13**: Only `cuda13` tags will be published, and point to the latest supported minor version for that RAPIDS release.
```

Proposing:

* remove language about "currently", as that's at risk of becoming obsolete over time
* clarify that the `cuda13` images also are the latest supported minor version (this was not clear)
* clarify that these are **latest supported for that RAPIDS release**

Author: This is way better. Thanks.
